So I'm gonna come in here.
I'm going to Node sample.
I'm gonna get out of that,
I'm gonna say mkdir redis-sample.
I'm going to npm install.
Let me get my versions out here.
Npm init -y and
I'm going to say npm install
Reddis at 3.0.2 and
express at 4.17.1.
So what are the interesting
things about Redis?
As far as I know, there's a company called
Redis labs, Redis labs makes Redis.
And they make some of the drivers and
I don't think they make the node one.
So I think this is actually a community
driver and there's several,
and I just picked node Redis because I
think that's the most the largest one but
there is also io Redis and
there's a couple of other ones.
So this is not necessarily
one that you have to use.
This is just one that we're you and
I are going to use together.
Okay, we're going to make
a directory called static,
we're going to touch in
static/index.html server.js.
and cool.
That should be fine.
So we're going to say code with this.
Html:5.
This will be our Redis sample.
And here we're just going to
implement like a page counter,
which is going to be very exciting.
We're gonna put an h1 here of visitors and
we'll just put, loading here or
something like that.
And then here underneath that,
we're gonna just have a script tag and
we're gonna put an async function
called register page view and
then just underneath that we're going to
actually call register paid view, okay,
and here we're gonna say const rez equals.
await fetch('/pageview'),
then we're gonna say const views.
I'm going to do like this
views to pull out the views
key from this response
equals await rez JSON and
we're gonna say document
get element by ID.
Visitors.
That's what we called it up there, right?
Yep.
Visitors.
Enter text=views
visitors all right,
that's it.
I mean we basically just like implemented
those like geo cities pageview counters.
So I know everyone was dying to to
know how to do that with Redis.
And you're welcome, I think,
is all I have to say.
You spent so many hours working with me so
that we could get to
our culminating final project
of Geocities page counters.
All right, cool that we're all here.
Bet you're really glad you stuck this out
all right, let's open our server digests.
And just bring this magic home.
So one of the really annoying
things about this Redis driver is
it does not speak promises.
And I'm just not down with
doing call backs anymore.
I don't know about you, but
I spent too long writing Java Script
to go back to call backs.
So we're actually going to use
promise defy to make these
Redis methods work correctly.
So I'm gonna say const promisify.
This is actually built into node j s,
which is very convenient, require util.
This will turn any like node
style node back or callback,
whatever you want to call those.
Into a promise based API.
And I'll show you how to do
that here in just a second.
Const Express equals require Express.
Const Redis equals require Redis.
And const client equals
redis.createclient.
Okay.
Well, we're going to make a new function
here called Const Reddis incur.
Right?
So this is actually going to be
a function.
That's going to do a incur
in our Redis server.
And we're going to say equals
promisifyclient.anchor.
Right.
So this is a method on this Redis client.
And then we're just going
to say dot bind client.
So, that this is correct.
Otherwise this doesn't work.
So now we get this function back.
Called our anchor.
And what all this does is it takes in
a key and it'll do an increment in a bit.
It works with promises now.
We don't have to do this we could
totally do with node style call backs.
I just wanted to show you how to
make this a little bit easier.
Okay, we're going to have
an async function and knit and
we're going to call a knit
immediately after that.
And I need this to be two spaces because
otherwise I just can't even, okay.
Const app equals Express app
dot get slash page views.
page view.
What did I say here?
Page view.
Okay, so page view with no assets.
Async, req, res,
Const views Equals await our inker and
then we give it a key.
So we're going to do it with page views.
So that this is the actual the name of
the key that's going to go out to Redis.
And then views will actually be
the incremented number that's
going to come back to us.
Then we're gonna say res.json.
Status okay?
And views like that
Okay, so now we need that'll work for
our handler.
So underneath that,
we just need to say port = 3000.
app.use(express.static./static( and
app.listen(PORT) and console.log
Running on http://localhost.
Colon port.
Alright big moment here.
See if we can get some incrementing
numbers here that's being read and
wrote to Redis.
Let's see if we can get this running node
server dot JS, running on local host,
300 one visitors,
two visitors, three visitors.
We can just keep going all day.
It's probably an already has
more patriots than my blog.
I don't have a blog.
So it does.
All right.
So that at its most
basic level is like how
to connect your app to running to a Redis.
Now, obviously it's very simple use case
here, but I'm sure you could imagine.
You can do the same thing here
with AR get an AR set and
all that kind of stuff.
So on and so forth.
And you can do that all and you can just
you don't even have to do this right you
can use those note style
call backs as well.